Improve ActionText extensiblibility (#40308)
rails/rails: guides/source/action_text_overview.md

end
```

> **Note:** you don't need to add a `content` field to your `messages` table.

Reviewer: Instead of `field` saying `database column content` sounds more readable to me. Please ignore if that doesn't sound okay to you. :)

end
```

## Rendering Rich Text content

ActionText will sanitize and render rich content on your behalf.

By default, the Action Text editor and content is styled by the Trix defaults.

If you want to change these defaults, you'll want to remove the

> `app/assets/stylesheets/actiontext.scss` linker and base your stylings on the

Reviewer: Instead of `linker` we could say remove `// require 'actiontext.scss'`. Sounds more readable and easy to understand. 

Also, `If you want to change these defaults` -> removing linker doesn't seem right. We can always override the current CSS. Instead we can say `If you want to remove these defaults`

Reviewer 2: Yeah, l think we need to me more explicit what `linker` means.

Author: Done!

[contents of that file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/basecamp/trix/master/dist/trix.css).

By default, ActionText will render rich text content into an element that
declares the `.trix-content` class:

```html+erb
<%# app/views/layouts/action_text/contents/_content.html.erb %>
<div class="trix-content">
  <%= yield %>
</div>
```

If you'd like to change the rich text's surrounding HTML with your own layout,
declare your own `app/views/layouts/action_text/contents/_content.html.erb`
template and call `yield` in place of the content.

You can also style the HTML used for embedded images and other attachments
(known as blobs). On installation, Action Text will copy over a partial to
`app/views/active_storage/blobs/_blob.html.erb`, which you can specialize.

> ### Rendering attachments

Reviewer: This is awesome part. I always wanted to document this as currently their is no way anyone would know how to process and list attachments. Thank you @seanpdoyle

> In addition to attachments uploaded through ActiveStorage, ActionText can embed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to attachments uploaded through Active Storage, Action Text can embed
```

anything that can be resolved by a [Signed
GlobalID](https://github.com/rails/globalid#signed-global-ids).

> ActionText renders embedded `<action-text-attachment>` elements by resolving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action Text renders embedded `<action-text-attachment>` elements by resolving
```

anything that can be resolved by a [Signed GlobalID](https://github.com/rails/globalid#signed-global-ids).

ActionText renders embedded `<action-text-attachment>` elements by resolving
their `sgid` attribute into an instance. Once
resolved, that instance is passed along to
[`render`](https://edgeapi.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/RenderingHelper.html#method-i-render).
The resulting HTML is embedded as a descendant of the `<action-text-attachment>`
element.

For example, consider a `User` model:

```ruby
# app/models/user.rb
class User < ActiveRecord::Base
  has_one_attached :avatar
end

user = User.find(1)
user.to_global_id.to_s #=> gid://MyRailsApp/User/1
user.to_signed_global_id.to_s #=> BAh7CEkiCG…
```

Next, consider some rich text content that embeds an `<action-text-attachment>`
element that references the `User` instance's signed GlobalID:

```html
<p>Hello, <action-text-attachment sgid="BAh7CEkiCG…"></action-text-content>.</p>
```

ActionText resolves uses the "BAh7CEkiCG…" String to resolve the `User`
instance. Next, consider the application's `users/user` partial:

```html+erb
<%# app/views/users/_user.html.erb %>

> <span><%= image_tag user.avatar %> <%= user.name %></span>

Author: I think it would be _awesome_ to give users more control over which partial gets rendered when resolving `<action-text-attachment>` elements (like we do with `ActionText::Attachable#to_trix_content_attachment_partial_path`):

https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/11738e82cdcfb48f7740a2da01ad2716d9bcfbb6/actiontext/lib/action_text/attachable.rb#L70-L72

Those changes felt somewhat out of scope. I planned on opening a follow-up pull request to introduce that seam, but I could add it here if it'd be better to treat it as a contiguous changeset.
